Notes from boat trips

Event numbers indicate individual tows while collection numbers indicate individual trawls

Two trawls occur simultaneously for each tow

Species diversity per trawl that has been subsampled is conservative and is likely lower then true diversity. The more baskets the catch is subdivided into, the more conservative the species richness is likely to be.
Also, highly subsampled catches have less accurate species specific biomass values. 
Species diversity of trawls that have not been subsampled are exact.


Sampling design : stratified random sampling

Multiple strata within each region

Pool of trawl sites within each strata. Some strata have more trawl sites then others.
Computer generates random ranking of sites within strata before season of sampling begins. Sites are completed in descending preference order and if one or more can not be completed for any reason the site is skipped and the next location on the list is sampled. Some strata only have few location while others have many stations so some stations are sampled every season annually while others may not be sampled every season or even every year. 

Species for interspecific relationships

Atlantic Croaker
Spot
Whiting
Banded Drum
Cyanscion nothus
Weakfish
Possibly suite of sea robin species 
Pinfish
Atlantic Bumper
Butterfish
Harvestfish
Ribbonfish
Bonnethead Shark
Atlantic Sharpnose Shark
Southern Sting Ray



Important Point ** Some species are sampled better then others. And within some species adults are sampled better because of mesh size and individual size differences. Examples of this are anchoa and moonfish





9/19/19 - Right now first graph pools all trawls from all years and takes average species richness and var of biomass over all events regardless of year.
    Couple of problems to tackle next : keeping temporal scale is important. How can I do this in code? Needs to group events by year before performing average and var functions. Must be done before input into raster? 
    Two: effort needs to be standardized. Var obviously going to increase when effort and total species increases. BUT skeleton of code is not laid out for first section. Possibly even seen on maps where areas near SC have higher species richness and var. Could be that we just have higher species rich or that it's easier to sample closer to home port and therefore it is sampled more: less weather cancellations. 
    Change in scale easy to change. Just need to change resolution of oceans raster and rerun rasterizing functions for each paramater
