Notes: 

Where we are at:
Should have newly established values for each raster region using raster region as the adjusted sampling unit. Each raster will have a row for each year it was sampled with columns including ID, year, new S, new Biomass, new Var, a squared coefficient of var (CV, see Delsol et al.), value of invariance (invar = 1/cv). 

How to scale: 
To build curve where x is area and y is invar or rather where x is number of samples since each raster region is a squared plot of area. 
  
  Need to start with a single raster region and calculate invar, then take two rasters and calculate invar, continue until all raster regions have been incorperated. Repeat entire process many times and take average of curves. 
  
  Null hyp. is that as you continue incorperating raster regions invar will continuly decrease. Alt hyp. is that as you increase the number of rasters included that invar will increase. 
  
  
  
  
  

NEXT 12/31/19:
  try running new code that includes new measures of var (cv and invar).
  If it works make plots and test with lm like listed in section notes from 11/21. 
  Then begin working on scaling. Need to build out code as listed above. 
  
  UPDATE: 
  code worked. making new plots but there are major outliers that need to be dealt with. Started writing methods. Need to work on scaling aspect still. 

NEXT 1/13/19
  need to deal with outliers. 
  Need to go back to permutation and set threshold to 5 and remove IDs that have less then 5 trawl events in them. 
  Start working on scaling part. 
  
  Idea for how to write spatial part
    Make a loop that randomize the list of ID squares
  Loop makes calcs of var of invar and average species richness with 1 square included, 2 square until length(ID)
  Rerandomize list of IDs and repeat many many times to create curves
  Average curves
  
  UPDATE:
  fixing permuation to drop IDs with less then five events fixed outlier problem. 
  Relooked at graphs and all looks a lot cleaner. woo 
  
NEXT 1/14/20
  begin writing out scaling of DSR
  continue working on draft of methods section
  
  
  
NEXT 1/27/20 
  check out outliers 1394, 2570, 2519  
                      3 yrs, 
                      
  some rasters were sampled since 1989, others since 1999 when outer depth region was dropped. 
  
  look at ID.df and see how many raster regions were sampled continuously. Try separating those that were added after outer depth zone was dropped. Maybe make graph starting at 2000 too. 
    41 rasters have trawls every year. 48 rasters have samples all but one or two years.
    
    UPDATE: 
      Outer depth strata samples have been removed. I have run analysis three times. One with years not aggregated, one with the years aggregated but all IDs remain and one where a selection of IDs that cover all time bins are included. That's where I left it for today. 
      UP NEXT: need to look over all graphs and figure out which best gets us the answer to our question and begin using the aggregated and selected set yrag_sub for scaling part. 